Add workflow versioning docs (#2010)
vercel/workflow: docs/content/docs/v5/api-reference/workflow-api/start.mdx

```

<Callout type="info">

> The `deploymentId` option is currently a Vercelism. Other Worlds may implement this option differently to match their own deployment runtimes, and the World spec may rename it from `deploymentId` to `version` in a future SDK version. On Vercel, `"latest"` resolves to the most recent deployment matching your current environment — the same production target for production deployments, or the same git branch for preview deployments.

Reviewer: **Wording regression**: this `<Callout>` previously said

> The `deploymentId` option is currently a **Vercel-specific feature**. The `"latest"` value resolves to the most recent deployment matching your current environment …

and this PR changes it to

> The `deploymentId` option is currently a **Vercelism**. Other Worlds may implement this option differently…

"Vercelism" reads like informal slang — it's not the existing vocabulary in the rest of the docs. A quick grep across `docs/content/docs/v5/`:

- "Vercel deployments" — used throughout `streaming.mdx`, `postgres-world.mdx`, `with-workflow.mdx`, etc.
- "Vercel World" — the official name of the World
- "Vercel-specific" — used in the original wording you're replacing
- "non-Vercel deployments" — used in `framework-integrations.mdx`
- "Vercelism" — only in this PR's 6 new occurrences

The original "Vercel-specific feature" wording is precise, professional, and consistent. The new term reads to me like it's leaking a contributor in-joke into user-facing docs. Suggest restoring the prior phrasing and keeping the rest of the new explanation:

```suggestion
The `deploymentId` option is currently a Vercel-specific feature. Other Worlds may implement this option differently to match their own deployment runtimes, and the World spec may rename it from `deploymentId` to `version` in a future SDK version. On Vercel, `"latest"` resolves to the most recent deployment matching your current environment — the same production target for production deployments, or the same git branch for preview deployments.
```

Same change applies to the 5 other occurrences of "Vercelism" in this PR:
- `docs/content/docs/v4/api-reference/workflow-api/start.mdx:99`
- `docs/content/docs/v4/cookbook/common-patterns/workflow-composition.mdx:88`
- `docs/content/docs/v4/foundations/versioning.mdx:119`
- `docs/content/docs/v5/cookbook/common-patterns/workflow-composition.mdx:81`
- `docs/content/docs/v5/foundations/versioning.mdx:119`

Blocking; would like to see the existing tone preserved before this lands.

Author: Addressed in 7eff96c1b: restored “Vercel-specific feature” wording and removed “Vercelism” across the v4/v5 start API, workflow composition, and versioning docs.
